README.md, before:

# MyPass
==============


The MyPass application is secure document storage solution designed to help people experiencing homelessness to store and share their important documents, such as IDs and medical forms.  The hope of this product is to make signing up for services and housing easier for people experiencing homelessness, by reducing the delays caused by lost or damaged documents.

## Getting Started

Install Node JS, and Gulp

Install dependencies with command 
```
npm install
```

Run 'Gulp' to build scripts and put them into 'Publish' folder
```
gulp default
```
  
Launch website at http://localhost:9005/
  ```
  npm start
  ```
  

## Project Info

This project is funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and developed by the Innovation Office at the City of Austin.  Kerry O'Connor is the lead investigator, and Daniel Culotta is the Co-investigator on this project.  This project is a prototype to test the design considerations around serving a displaced population, and the technology considerations around permanent document management, distributed ledger technology, and the conference of e-notarization. 

The project timeline can be found here: [Timeline](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kMICJU_4RQoiki9yyuenM59W-u7ECp5vaF7qTbelfvQ/edit?usp=sharing)

## Project Update

<img src="/docs/MyPassOverview2020.png" align="middle" width="900" >

See the README.md files for respective notes in the server and webclient folders.

Commit message:

New codebase with initial notarization workflow

README.md, after:

# MyPass
==============


The MyPass application is secure document storage solution designed to help people experiencing homelessness to store and share their important documents, such as IDs and medical forms.  The hope of this product is to make signing up for services and housing easier for people experiencing homelessness, by reducing the delays caused by lost or damaged documents.

## Getting Started

## Quick Start

Change the env.template to be a .env file and update to your values

```bash
$ cp env.template .env
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
$ yarn
```

Start the server:

```bash
$ yarn start
```

Hit the api endpoints at: http://localhost:5000/api/
  

## Project Info

This project is funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and developed by the Innovation Office at the City of Austin.  Kerry O'Connor is the lead investigator, and Daniel Culotta is the Co-investigator on this project.  This project is a prototype to test the design considerations around serving a displaced population, and the technology considerations around permanent document management, distributed ledger technology, and the conference of e-notarization. 

The project timeline can be found here: [Timeline](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kMICJU_4RQoiki9yyuenM59W-u7ECp5vaF7qTbelfvQ/edit?usp=sharing)

## Project Update

<img src="/docs/MyPassOverview2020.png" align="middle" width="900" >

See the README.md files for respective notes in the server and webclient folders.
